1. Create  a  HTML  document  that  has  your  image  and  your  friend‟s  image  with  a  specific  height 
and width. Also when clicked on the images it should navigate to their respective profiles. 

2. Write a HTML program, in such a way that, rather than placing large images on a page,the 
preferred technique is to use thumbnails by setting the height and width parameters  to 
something  like to  100*100  pixels.  Each  thumbnail  image is  also  a link to a  full  sized  version 
of the image. Create an image gallery using this technique.

3. Write a HTML program, to explain the working of tables by preparing your class timetable. 

4. Write a HTML program, to embed audio and video into HTML web page. 

5. Write a CSS rule that places a background image halfway down the page, tilting it 
horizontally. The image should remain in place when the user scrolls up or down. 

6. Create a webpage which uses prompt dialogue box to ask a voter for his name and age. 
Display the information in table format along with either the voter can vote or not.

7. Write a program which asks the user to enter three integers, obtains the numbers from the 
user and outputs HTML text that displays the larger number followed by the words “LARGER 
NUMBER” in an information message dialog. If the numbers are equal, output HTML text as 
“EQUAL NUMBERS”.Embedded output to HTML page. 

8. Write a program using Node JS to display week days using switch case. 

9. Develop a program using Node JS to determine if a given number is ARMSTRONG NUM‟  or not.

10. Design web page for finding Factorial of that number 

11. Design web page for displaying Fibonacci series up to that number 

12. Design web page for displaying Prime numbers up to that number 

13. Design web page for finding given numner is it palindrome or not

14. Write a program to design a registration page and validate the following fields a mentioned
    i. Name (start with alphabet and followed by alphanumeric and the length should not be less than 6 characters) 
    ii. Mobile (only numbers and length 10 digits) 
    iii. E-mail (should contain format like xxxxxxx@xxxxxx.xxx) 

15. Write a HTML program with three frames, such that page is to be divided into three parts on either direction. 